My life is over!
The dryer is broken!
What setting did you use?
Doesn't it just... start?
Yes,
and then the tooth fairy
adds fabric softener.
Liam gave it to me!
Oof!
Say what?
Who now?
The star pitcher
of the baseball team.
And why are we
interested in him
this fine morning?
Uh, we're... you know.
No, I don't.
You're kinda... what, Mirabel?
Nothing, Daddy.
He's cute, that's all.
What happened to Cole?
Eh... it's over.
And it's starting.
Okay, then.
And, uh, what are we
reading this morning?
An eye-opening
introduction
to feminism.
Ah. Okay.
Liam just posted
a selfie of us,
so we're practically engaged.
Relax, Daddy.
I'm kidding.
Marriage
is an archaic institution
built to barter women.
You need to chill
ever so slightly,
mini Miss Steinem.
Breakfast is served!
It's a breakfast taco.
That's not
a thing.
You really need to do
a load of dishes.
Let's just
call Abuela.
Mm, not an option.
Your grandmother's
moved out.
We are on our own,
and we can handle this, girls.
I don't understand,
we were doing so well
at first.
Well, Abuela did fire
the last housekeeper.
And the one before that,
and the one before that.
You really need
to go shopping, Daddy.
It's your job.
All right, all right,
um, let's make a...
a list.
Abuela never had a list.
Well, isn't she perfect?
-Hey.
So?
Gluten-free low-cal
brown-rice pasta?
Really?
You're letting them
push you around, Hijo.
No, no, it's fine.
I like to try new things...
that sound like
they taste like cardboard.
So, how's everything at home?
Good.
Great, actually.
Yeah....
I bet you don't miss
pushing this tank around.
You know, I didn't mind
those workouts.
How are my girls?
Hang on, Rosa.
Hello?
You need to get here, stat!
This isn't a good time.
I'm, uh, I'm grocery shopping.
I would love to be
grocery shopping,
but every trainer
was hit with the flu,
and I'm here by myself,
and the A.C. broke!
O-Okay.
Okay, I'll get there when I can.
I've got single Dad stuff
going on up in here, Steph.
Is everything all right?
Yup! Yup, just gotta
get to the gym.
Can I help you in any way?
Oh, no thanks, I'm good!
Hmm.
All right, everyone,
pencils down.
I know pop quizzes
are not popular,
but they do keep you
on your toes.
What's this?
I'm sorry, I...
I fell asleep.
What happened
to this place?
Where have you been?
We are roasting alive in here!
Okay, I'm on it.
Hmm... maybe just
one quick check-in.
Someone
get the phone!
I'm already
on the phone!
The house phone!
Elisa, get the phone!
Guess no one needs
their Abuela anymore.
Maybe I'll get a cat.
Hey, Rosa.
Ricky?
I can't get a hold of anyone.
Where are the girls?
Everything's fine.
But nobody's
answering their phone.
I'm kind of
in the middle of something here,
I gotta jump.
Where are you jumping to?
I'm going over there.
No, you don't need
to go over there, it's fine.
Look, I-I'll talk to you later.
Steph?
Where are you?
Things are falling apart here.
I'm here.
I'm in the back, trying to fix
this stupid panel.
Okay, could you hurry up?
Doing my best, boss.
What the--?
It's for my project
on Feminism.
There's so many patriarchal,
pre-conceived notions
of women's work
that still affects us
to this day.
I mean, look at you,
cooking,
barefoot in the kitchen.
I don't do carbs.
Yeah, and I was kind of
in the mood for pizza.
Working hard, are we?
It is work.
I've decided
to become Instafamous.
What's that?
If I get enough followers,
companies will ask me
to take pictures
of their products,
and then I'll be making
cash money, baby.
That's what it means
to become Instafamous.
So your self-confidence
is dependent
on how many likes you get?
Of course not,
it's how many hearts I get.
Can someone help me
clean the dishes?
We still have no detergent.
Our schedule's pretty full.
I don't care!
Get in the kitchen
and start scrubbing!
Oh, so just because
I'm a woman,
I have to be
in the kitchen scrubbing?
I'm a woman, too!
Mm... not so much.
I'll handle it.
I'm pretty sure
I've almost figured out
how to fix--
this.
I think it's getting hotter.
Can you call someone, Ricky?
Stop being such a guy.
I can handle this.
Hello?
Yes, this is he.
O-o-okay, sure.
Tomorrow afternoon.
That was Elisa's teacher.
She wants to meet with me.
There he is!
Figured I'd up the security
around here,
add some locks.
Plus, the book club's
watchin Magic Mike.
Again.
You're back late,
you got a story for me?
There was so much sweat.
It was so hot.
That sounds like a story.
Oh... oh, relax,
the A.C. broke at the gym.
I'm exhausted,
and hungry.
Oh, God, the groceries.
Welcome to parenting,
my friend, it is never-ending.
The ice cream's
all over everything.
Oh, my goodness,
Is that "Impeachment"?
I love that flavor!
I'll help you out
with that, buddy.
Todd, it-
it's melted.
Yeah, I know.
I like to get out
a big glass,
pour it in there, and just
drink it like a smoothie.
That's gross.
I know.
See ya.
Ice cream melted,
groceries are ruined!
It's all going
straight in the trash.
The trash is overflowing.
-Again?
-Yeah.
Someone doesn't do her chores.
Says the girl who irons
with a hair straightener.
It's perfect for collars.
Did you remember
the dishwasher detergent?
I'll get it tomorrow.
Hey, wh-where's Elisa?
Hi, Daddy.
Hey there.
I'm so tired...
I know, honey.
Go back to sleep.
Just remember
to unplug the toaster.
What?
And clean the coffee pot...
I got it.
I will.
I love you.
Where's Dad?
The A.C. at
the gym is out.
He left early.
He could have
at least opened them.
Why can't you do it?
My nails
are drying.
Your problem,
and that's the most
ridiculous thing
I've ever heard.
One day,
you'll understand.
I hope not.
You've reached Rosa.
Please leave me a message.
Abuela?
It's me.
Things have gotten crazy
since you left...
Hey, everybody, Frank here.
Today's video is going to be
how to replace a circuit
breaker
in an electrical panel.
Okay? Couple of
really important steps.
Ugh...
Warm in here,
isn't it?
I'm sorry,
I think I have
Zika or something.
Go home.
All right.
Is it me, or is it...
it is hotter out here
than it is there, right?
A little Column A,
and whole lotta Column B.
Please,
call a repairman.
Call someone.
Pay someone.
Ask for help.
No, see that's the problem.
Everyone wants to pass the buck
when times get tough,
no one wants to try
and do it themselves first.
You don't know
what you're doing!
I'm sorry.
I'm so sorry.
Are you sure you guys
want me to go home?
Yes!
Okay, good call.
Are you okay?
Oh, it's just...
You know, I-I'm not gonna
have time to get dinner tonight,
I didn't have time
to get dinner last night, and--
I feel ya.
Between the gym and school,
I am on a Redbull
and cereal diet...
But I-I don't have kids.
Your point?
I think you're
spreading yourself thin.
I don't want to preach,
but I think your Dad duties
should definitely come first.
Aw, I gotta meet
Elisa's teacher,
and I'm already late!
No--
Aw...
Yes.
I'm sorry I'm late, I--
Mr. Cooper,
thank you for coming.
Oh, please, call me Ricky.
All right. Uh...
You look just
as tired as Elisa.
Elisa?
Tired?
Yeah, that's why
I called.
I'm concerned.
She fell asleep
in class last week,
and then again
yesterday,
only this time
it was during a test.
Don't worry, I'm gonna
let her do a make-up test.
Thank you.
You know, it's just
not like her.
She seems exhausted
and stressed out.
You're a single dad?
Yeah.
And does
she end up doing
most of the housework
at home?
The students,
they had a creative writing
assignment on "fun."
While most of the kids
wrote about the beach
or Pokemon Go...
she wrote
about a vacuum cleaner.
"Ode to the Vacuum Cleaner,
the only one that helps."
Poor kid, I...
She does take on a lot.
You know, if there's anything
that I can do to help...
What, you want
to come over
and spray
some counter tops?
I was thinking more
along the lines
of a coffee?
You know, I know Elisa
pretty well
in a different context,
and, um, maybe I can offer
some sort of insight?
Uh...
Yeah, yeah, okay,
I'd love that.
Ricky C.
Hey...
Ah, what are you reading?
Uh, "Forbidden Attraction,
Acceptable Love."
Pretty powerful stuff, man.
I mean, a love like theirs?
I haven't read it.
Oh, yeah, no,
I mean, normally, I wouldn't,
but I'm just helping out
the wife with her book club.
Uh-huh.
Well, you seem pretty engrossed.
Enough about me.
Uh, what about you?
Any new dates?
Uh, maybe.
I, uh, I met Elisa's teacher.
She asked me out.
Are you flipping kidding me?
I love a woman
who takes charge.
Hot for teacher.
Come on,
over to the T-Cave.
I can't, I can't,
I've got some work to do,
but you're welcome to help
scrub floors.
I should really finish this up.
I just stopped by to say hi.
-Hi.
-Bye.
Bye.
Mirabel!
Hey, Mirabel!
And...cut.
Dad you're ruining
my YouTube channel!
Th-there's a boy in your room,
and the door is closed,
and there's a camera,
and spandex?
This is over. Now!
But, Dad,
we have to finish.
You're the new pitcher, huh?
Yeah, Liam.
Nice to meet you, sir.
Look, Mirabel,
you know the rules,
no boys in your room,
until you're 30.
But, Dad--
No buts,
and we're having
a family meeting in the kitchen.
So can just go
work on your change-up
there, okay?
Bye-bye.
Camera.
Dad!
A YouTube thing?
Really?
Is anyone doing
anything normal?
Normalcy, like gender,
is a social construct, Dad.
Right.
I'm gonna need you
in the kitchen.
Because that's my place?
As a woman?
It's your place
as a member of this family.
Elisa...
It's great
that you want to help out,
but I'm the Dad.
I want to apologize
for depending on you so much.
I'm proud of you
for stepping up, but, um...
I got the big stuff from now on.
And...
I want you to take a night off.
A night off?
What's that?
Go.
Good luck.
Your mother
always used to say,
those who are happiest
are those who help others.
And we help each other
in this family.
That means
we don't pass the buck--
or sponge--- to someone
when it's our responsibility,
our duty.
We've gotta learn
to do things ourselves.
Now, we've all
abandoned ship here,
except Elisa.
I had a meeting
with her teacher today,
and... she's been
falling asleep in school.
But school's
the best part of the day!
The reason why
she's been so stressed
and falling behind
is because she's running
this entire house herself.
Now, I'll be the first
to admit it,
I-I've let things go,
and as captain of this team,
I need to keep our dugout
in order.
I just assumed she liked
folding my clothes.
She color coordinates
everything.
She even Windexed my poster
of the periodic table.
I just figured she was
learning while cleaning.
In a way, I was helping her.
Let's surprise Elisa
and clean up.
What do you say, girls?
In sisterhood,
we stand!
In sister...hood, yeah!
You can count on me
This isn't
so bad actually.
Yeah.
Look, it's
so moisturizing.
Nice.
I feel bad about Elisa.
Me too.
At least we're helping out
now, though, right?
Better late
than never.
I could totally work
at the Genius Bar.
Whoa...
Is this the same house?
We thought we'd surprise you.
Thanks, guys!
And I'm getting
dinner tonight.
Tomorrow, I'll cook us
a real meal, I promise.
Seriously, this is nice.
Who clued you in
that I needed some help?
It was your teacher, Lori.
Miss Addison?
She's nice.
I fell asleep in class, and...
Yeah, she told me.
I think
she's nice, too.
We're going out
for a drink later.
Whoa, Papi's got
some game.
I love a learned woman.
I'm going to go
finish my homework.
Okay.
See, Papi?
Elisa needed help,
and now we're helping.
What are you getting at?
A foreign concept
to the male brain,
refusing to ask
for directions,
or help with
parallel parking, or...
calling
a cleaning service?
Elisa's teacher?
Oh, please,
not you, too.
Dude...
I mean, I get it,
I was a boy,
and when you're a boy,
you like your hot teacher,
that makes sense.
I remember Mrs. Ward,
she was like
Cindy Crawford,
exactly.
Really?
No.
But...
that's in retrospect,
and at the time,
I thought they were twins.
You can't date
the teacher, dude.
That's not a good idea.
It's one date,
one drink.
I'm not gonna marry her.
Definitely
don't marry her.
Marry who?
Me. Don't marry me.
She's definitely not
going to marry me,
so I'm definitely not
going to marry her.
Oh, I'm sorry.
That's terrible.
Did you just ask her?
Last week.
And she just, uh, shut me down.
That sucks.
Yup.
Yup, it's hard out there.
It must be really tough
for you, huh?
After everything
you've been through?
Well, there's been a lot
of figuring out as we go.
Hmm, I can't imagine.
I've got to say,
it's okay, you know?
I mean, except here and there,
and the, uh, falling asleep
in school bit.
Right.
I mean, three girls,
that's a lot.
I know,
I'm like Superman.
Minus
the cape, I hope?
No, no, I still
have the cape.
I only wear it
on special occasions.
So, how long
have you
been teaching?
About
five years now.
I really like
this school.
Well, in a few years,
you're going to get
my youngest, Gigi.
And what's she like?
Well, let's just say,
as long as you're up
on your major philosophers,
Greek and Roman history,
women's issues,
and basically
all of American Literature,
you'll be fine.
Oh, boy.
Oh, yeah, she's gonna
keep you on your toes.
Um, do you want
to get some...
...f-food?
M-maybe, uh, get a table
in the back?
Yeah, certainly,
I can do that.
Cheers.
Hey, girl.
We have a little surprise
for you.
-Come on.
-What?
Come on.
What's going on?
TeePee time!
Oh, my gosh...
Isn't this awesome?
We built it for you.
Thanks, you guys,
this is great.
We wanted to say
we're sorry.
Our most sincere
apologies.
We never meant to put
everything on you.
If you're ever overwhelmed,
you can always come to us.
I might just
take you up on that.
To sisters
in sanitation.
Boop!
It's been so long
since we've hung out in here.
Remember
when you and Dad
put up the treehouse?
And Dad bashed
his thumbnail with a hammer
so hard it turned black.
And Mirabel put nail polish
on it when he was sleeping.
I was just trying to help.
Hey, Rosa, it's Richard.
If you're free this weekend,
I'd love to take you to
Aspen...
Not in the mood for Aspen.
Ciao, Rosa, lo vengo
negli Stati Uniti domani.
Sarebbe bello vederti, amore.
No, grazie.
Abuela? It's me.
Things have gotten crazy
since you left...
Please call me.
Sweet, glorious
air conditioning.
Enjoying yourself?
Oh, you have
no idea.
How did you fix it?
I had a moment of clarity
and, um...
hired someone.
Mm...
Everything's
peaceful again.
Ricky Cooper!
I'm gonna go take
a Yoga class.
Bye.
I get a call
from my granddaughter,
telling me that she's doing
everything that I used to do!
Now, what kind of a man
doesn't roll up his sleeves
and start cleaning?
Trust me, I know.
I have such doubts.
I don't know if I did
the right thing by leaving.
Of course you did.
We're managing.
It-it's just that I...
I miss Isabella every day,
and I-I loved being with
my girls all the time,
and now, I just feel...
alone and cast aside.
When you left,
it was really hard.
Oh?
How hard?
The house
looked like a war zone.
I thought I could do it.
I thought
I could handle everything,
and that the girls
would help out,
and I found out that,
well, it...
It wasn't so easy.
Without the center,
things fall apart,
and you...
are our center.
Oh...
I only left because it was time,
and you can do this.
You just need help.
You and the girls can do this,
and will be stronger for it.
We have to learn to manage,
but, um...
we'll always need you.
Oh...
Thank you.
I needed to hear that.
And I'll always need you
and my girls.
I knew
the first moment
my daughter brought you home
that you were the one.
You're a good man, Ricky Cooper.
But not great.
I went by the house,
and, uh...
Elisa forgot her lunch.
Aw...
I don't know--
Hey, Elisa,
is your Dad really dating
Miss Addison?
Why are you asking me this?
I heard it from Girl Sam,
who heard it from Boy Sam,
who heard it
from the girl with the cast,
who heard it from your sister.
The year is 1607,
and the first colony
was founded
in Jamestown, Virginia.
With the help from...
Come on, can anyone tell me
who helped the colonists?
Elisa?
The Native American
Powahatans,
but if you ask me,
the settlers should have stayed
in their own lands
and left the Powahatans alone.
Sorry to interrupt.
Not at all, come in.
Uh...
Elisa forgot her lunch.
That was nice
of you to bring it.
Trying to be better.
Thanks for your help.
You're welcome.
Sarah...
top of Page Four
for me, would you?
...46, 47, 48, 49...
Ooh...
Only 50?
Must be
all the takeout.
So, um,
any new dates?
Well, you could say
I have some
after-school activities.
Oh?
Well, I just met her,
but she seems great.
You know, smart, cool,
cares about the girls.
Wow, she's already
met the girls?
Well, she's
Elisa's teacher.
Whoa, whoa.
You're dating Elisa's teacher?
Well, I mean, it was one date.
If my Dad
dated one of my teachers,
I would throw up,
or drop out.
No way.
No, if it bothered Elisa,
she would've said so.
I think...
That man
is completely clueless.
Why'd you have to tell
the whole school
about Dad and Miss Addison?
I told one person.
Who told one person...
who told one more person.
You shouldn't have
said anything!
We need a sister talk.
She's...
actually studying.
It's like we're on safari.
Please.
These are
personalized autographs.
Liam made them.
They're prizes people win
for following me.
Is framing
included?
We need to talk.
I'm freaking out.
You know how you said
I could come to you
if I was ever feeling
overwhelmed?
What's up?
I thought about it,
and I don't want Dad
to date Miss Addison.
It's too weird.
Today at school, everyone
was talking about me.
You're thinking
about it all wrong.
Capitalize on that fame.
Since when do you know words
like "capitalize"?
Since Liam started
a donate button on my page.
Can we get back to me?
Okay.
Look, nothing bad
can come from this.
If Dad's dating Miss Addison,
you're guaranteed
at least a "B".
Hey...
Those are not
happy faces.
Everything okay?
Yes.
Is this about me dropping off
your lunch at school?
No.
Is this about me
going out with Lori?
Her name is
Miss Addison!
And, yes, this is about
you going out with her.
Okay. Okay, lemme have it.
I tried to get used to
the idea of you dating her,
but I just can't!
It's just...
Icky.
I'm sorry, Dad.
It's just the way I feel.
"Icky" will not be
on your SATs.
Shh.
I understand.
You know I want you
to be happy, right?
Hel-lo?
Hi.
Hey.
So, um, I needed another
parent-teacher conference.
For me.
Mm-hmm?
I think us seeing each other
is a bit much for Elisa.
This whole dating thing
is new to me,
and I need my girls
to feel comfortable.
I get it.
You're a good dad, Ricky.
Those girls are so lucky.
No.
I'm the lucky one.
Thanks for understanding.
Well, thanks for stopping by.
Yeah.
Okay, then, I'm...
I'm gonna go.
Uh, Ricky?
Mr. Cooper?
Yeah?
The school year ends soon,
and as you know,
Elisa's graduating.
My thoughts exactly.
Bye.
Hey.
Wow, what a day.
Elisa didn't throw up,
but she might as well have.
She was seriously
upset with me.
She looked like she was
on the verge of dropping out.
You were right.
Having second thoughts
on the teacher?
I should get an "F" in Dating.
You and me both.
It's a long road ahead,
you know, with dating,
with the girls,
with everything.
I'm glad
you're my friend, Steph.
I'll talk to you later.
Yo!
There's no ice cream, Todd.
Not here
about the ice cream, bro.
Tell me everything.
Did you get
detention?
I called it quits
with the teacher.
I'm so destroyed.
I'm sorry, dude.
I know you were banking
on this one.
I need to be alone now.
Okay.
Wait, are those
gluten-free Pretzels?
I can eat those.
Mm...
I feel better already.
Thank you.
Y-y-you're taking...
you're taking them.
Okay.
All right.
All right, girls,
we need to talk.
Not text, read, or sulk.
I want you to know
that I won't be dating Lor--
Miss Addison.
It's my fault, isn't it?
Don't ever think that.
All right, if any of you
feel a certain way
about someone I date,
I want you to come to me,
and we'll talk it out.
Thanks, Dad.
Your happiness
is everything to me.
Come here.
Aw...
And I thought
I'd cook us dinner tonight.
Abuela's coming, too.
It's really good
to see you in the kitchen
again, Abuela.
Thank you.
I'm sorry I missed
your call, Elisa.
I'll do better
next time.
And I can't believe
how much I missed!
Well,
my followers
seem to have
flatlined.
Aw...
-I'm a Marxist Feminist now.
-Oh.
"Si se puede!"
Let's do dinner
at least once a week
together.
I can dig it, chica.
And I'll send you
a daily status report.
Well, I love that
even more.
This is so much better
than delivery.
Mm-hmm.
And guess who will
be here tomorrow?
Merry Maids!
Yeah, they'll be
coming once a week
just to help out
with the big stuff,
but that still means
you girls need
to keep your rooms clean
and help out.
Well, well,
the great man
asked for help.
I'm proud of you, Dad.
Aw, thanks.
We sure did miss
your cooking, Abuela.
Mm-hmm, and your
grocery shopping.
And I think your dad
did a super good job this time.
No, you actually wouldn't
believe my first try.
It was crazy.
So, I'm walking over
to the cheese section,
because I couldn't help myself,
then I realize,
it's not real cheese,
it's like a soy tofu cheese.
Yeah, and you know
what else they make?
Fake bacon,
veggie bacon.
Yeah, I mean, who knows
what it tastes like--
Fac-on?
Sorta like a--
"Facon!"
That's my girl
right there...
Still up?
I've got my re-test tomorrow.
This Powahatan history stuff
is actually pretty fascinating.
Speaking
of history...
This is the first ring
I ever gave your mother.
I want you to have it.
Oh, Dad...
And I want
to apologize again
for depending on you so much.
The way you take care
of everything,
handle the house,
you're just like your mother.
You've got her spirit.
I love you.
I love you, too.
And, um...
no cleaning up
after Merry Maids, deal?
No?
No.